shovel the bahia
or
Oh
holds her better and better then four
French this new surrender
edition of party hike so very
difficult to see we will not go back on
on the antibodies its ridiculous so
very difficult to predict this rally the
range despite all good we got it
I think we are lucky to have had
also a very nice tray with a
number of committed unexpected because the
mollusks 146 committed to be 100 years
initially to pull the coves and
especially what is very very beautiful is
that we are I think 87 on arrival so
there is no mess this is the skoda
little son me that it is a very beautiful
edition no longer do I really have any
made for that to be welcome that
everything will be in the best of the best
worlds with a logistics held the
road we had no major incident
it's perfect
Oh
or
change of focus the end of things
change of dates forgiveness change
of date actually back on
it's true that it's all the time
because on everything that made us
all the time it's that the rally has been
canceled without forgetting that he was animated
a committee that is canceled
so we 've always helped him
give up and then I want to
no one i have july against valves
the first ideas had canceled so
we'll let it go
and suddenly when we when we managed to
revive the camp I succeeded and who
would actually be yes I say I because
actually it's a little bit my
I managed to restart the operation
baptized staying in are going to have to for everything
put together and there actually I the
thank all those who have me two because
that I had a big mobilization and
traders to help the inhabitants of the
common legal volunteers the stable
flowery coast to everyone in massugas
rennais is on vacation is going on
managed to put together and others
appears as is that two
months we managed to recover
they do not count for the people who you
will be allowed is that we managed to
do an advertising program
relatively complete and that we were very
short
is the racingman a whole
team is beautiful and not
I think we can talk to them about
first but also because of their opinion
yes of course the rally of the var de st
germain it's a team but so
here today it's fourth
to speak of saint germain the countryside
it is true that we can say
but never it's still there
been attached for over thirty years
authoring offering savings of 25 me
rally of the aja comes we are at the
fourth of the rally of saint germain
for that is thirty-one edition in
your return the 60s
910 we even had the rest concerns saint
germain this genie same as compared to
sion it is true that there is a trip to
it seems public
you would like m to join bananas no I
believe it's not in my idea
it's not an obligation for a
obligation
good already you have to know that the area
green and rested to set the date for
so when they have the right to exist too
to see what they left holy
germain will host the premises exist
on the contrary too much preserve will oppose the
torino features today that
rallying eyes
2014 cigar rally lily of the valley symbol
gone who go first but that
it is to succeed us for the year 2014
the schedule was done and the date is
set for august 24 for 2014 good luck
to any stone entity of the year
next thanks and see you next year
I hope to thank you